track example of passing event obj (#806)
Amplitude-Developer-Docs/amplitude-dev-center: includes/sdk-ts-browser/tracking-an-event.md

};
amplitude.track('Button Clicked', eventProperties);
```

> You can also pass an event object to the `track` function. Refer to [this link](https://amplitude.github.io/Amplitude-TypeScript/interfaces/_amplitude_analytics_browser.Types.BaseEvent.html) to see what you can include in the event object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also pass a `BaseEvent` object to the `track` function. Refer to the [BaseEvent](https://amplitude.github.io/Amplitude-TypeScript/interfaces/_amplitude_analytics_browser.Types.BaseEvent.html) interface for all available fields.
```

```ts

> const event_propertie = {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const event_properties = {
```

  buttonColor: 'primary',
};

> const event = {event_type: "Button Clicked", event_properties};

Reviewer: I think we should include another field here to show that it is used to set more that just event_type and event_properties. Maybe groups would be a good option?
